APDS7311 POE TASK 2 

A brief description of what your project does and its purpose.

Team Members: ST10072411, ST10136414, ST10058357, ST10169076, ST10065470

Getting Started
These instructions will help you set up the project on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

Prerequisites
Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

Node.js (vX.X.X or higher)
MongoDB (make sure MongoDB is running locally or use a cloud solution like MongoDB Atlas)
Git 
VS Code
REST Client Extension


Installation
Clone the repository:
https://github.com/ST10072411/APDS7311POE
Open Project in vs code. 

or unzip project file
APDS7311POE.zip
Open Project in vs code 

You may have to run the following commands (in order) in the cli to install various dependencies:

npm install

cd Frontend

npm install @vitejs/plugin-react-swc

npm install vite

npm i --save-dev @types/react

npm install @fortawesome/react-fontawesome

npm install @fortawesome/free-solid-svg-icons



Running the App
There are two options to run App: 
1: Using VS code press F5 to run frontend and backend together.
- Press ctrl + click https://localhost:5173 in terminal to view app in browser.

2: Using VS code run a new terminal.
- Run npm Start command in terminal.
- Press ctrl + click https://localhost:5173 in terminal to view app in browser.
- Follow the pages as is necessary

Technologies Used
Frontend: React, JavaScript, HTML, CSS
Backend: Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB
Database: MongoDB (Local or MongoDB Atlas)
Tools: VS Code, Git, npm/yarn, github, morgan logs, artillery, Postman.

Security Testing
Request limit and timeout testing
artilery: run quick --count 100 -n 1000 https://localhost:3000/api/users/login      
POSTMAN Application for automated testing of requests
Requests show in log.

Notes: 
This appliocation has incorporated several code snippets that were generated by microsoft coopilot and altered to fit the needs of the applications
Several modules in this application were in some way inspired by or improved by ai usage and respponses


